docs: improve language in control-flow-basics section (#2887)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/control-flow-basics/blocks-and-scopes.md

# Blocks and Scopes

> A block in Rust contains a sequence of expressions, enclosed by braces {}. The

Reviewer: Don't remove the backticks.

> final expression of a block determines its value and type:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
final expression of a block determines the value and type of the whole block:
```
